Master Luo, since I have no problem
As the first heir to the Luo family
Assume the head of the Luo family to be in charge of the Luo Group
It should be fine.
As it should be
I declare
From today on, Luo Yingxue will be the head of the Luo family
Are you satisfied now?
Satisfied of course satisfied
Luo Xinmei didn't expect it, did she?
The machine is exhausted
In the end, he failed to get the head of the Luo family
Luo Yingxue, don't be proud too early
Master, let's go
Hey, Xu Mei, wait for me
My stupid son
I don't know how many more disasters will happen
You son
Just stupid
In fact, nature is not bad
I was bewitched by that Luo Xunmei
I don't know what to do in the future
Okay, stop sighing
Did the guy you transferred from the same boat arrive?
Here we are.
Assumi Sanye
Mother-in-law was taken away
Do we really not care?
At the door.
He took the initiative to take responsibility for Xunmei
The gods can't save him
Brother Kun, my mother, he died well
Now only Luo Yingxue is left
I really can't stand his arrogance
face